as per se as a whole Thank You mr.
Deedat and thank you pass to Stanley for
living your very poetic thoughts sisters
and brothers both the speakers have
presented their arguments before you now
it is up to you to decide you be the
church as to where lies the truth
because you ladies and gentlemen have to
decide as it is a matter between you and
your Creator I would like to take this
opportunity also to thank and extend
immense gratitude to all those who
participated in making this event a
great success
sisters and brothers I would also like
to remind you about the tomorrow's event
it will be a great historical event
please make every endeavor to make it a
success and to be there it will be held
at the Phoenix Palace City Church at 7 o
clock sisters and brothers are thank you
for coming here making this meeting a
great success now I would like to hand
you over to sister Maria to have the
last say assalamu alaikum
thanks to make a - Devonian in Hungary
live in Armenia I would ask I would like
to thank all of you for coming here
tonight
we as mr. Kahn said wish to see all of
you tomorrow and we wish you a good
night
brothers sisters I would like you to be
mutated if Jesus is God I would like you
to shoot one verse only one statement
anywhere in your Bible any version of
the Bible where Jesus says I am God but
where he says worship me and by God
even great the fastest and he can open
his Bible and tell this is complete
John 1:1 so what does it say does it say
in the words of Jesus and God worship me
no tonight I allow myself to become
angry because my experience dishonest
behavior and I full a breath because mr.
DITA behaves like an Aussie officer
question
yes questioning a poor imprisons men and
torture because you demand from Jesus
that he should present himself according
to how you want him to form his
vocabulary and mr. he taught Jesus his
greater than you are and when he blessed
that he stopped and the Bible declares
that all are under his feet even a child
should understand that if Jesus tells
that to me is given all might and power
he will child understands then you
should pray to him